# Git Practice

# Is There a Future for Software Engineers? The Impact of AI

This artivle by BrainHUb can be found here: https://brainhub.eu/library/software-developer-age-of-ai 

## My Comments 

This article, written by Verge, focuses on what AI can do and how it will impact the future of software engineers. The article claims that researchers at the US Department of Energy's Oak Ridge National Laboratory claim that by 2040, AI will replace large amounts of software engineers. The author then goes on to state that a significant factor that many researchers believe is the wide variety of things AI can do for software engineers. For example, the article states that AI can do Testing and quality assurance, Code generation and optimization, DevOps, and continuous integration, to name a few. Furthermore, extensive AI tools and Frameworks already make it easier to build and train deep learning models like Pytorch and TensorFlow. What I found interesting, however, was that the article emphasizes that rather than trying to push back against AI, Software engineers, whether they like it or not, will have to level up their skill set if they want to keep up. The article states that knowledge in machine learning, natural language processing, neural networks, deep learning, and more will become more critical in the future. While I am not really into AI, it points out a fundamental part of being a software engineer: continuing to learn and grow no matter where you are in your career. Learning continues after graduation or getting that first job. The tech field is constantly changing, and there is always something new. 